Add sync command (#6)
giantswarm/silence-operator: README.md

# silence-operator

The silence-operator manages [alertmanager](https://github.com/prometheus/alertmanager) alerts.

## Overview

### CustomResourceDefinition

The silence-operator monitors the Kubernetes API server for changes
to `Silence` objects and ensures that the current Alertmanager alerts match these objects.

> The Operator acts on the following [custom resource definitions (CRDs)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/extend-api-custom-resource-definitions/):
> 
> `Silence` CRD definition can be found [here](https://github.com/giantswarm/apiextensions/blob/master/pkg/apis/monitoring/v1alpha1/silence_types.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator reconciles the `Silence` [Custom Resource Definition (CRD)][crd] which
can be found [here][silence-crd].

[crd]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/extend-api-custom-resource-definitions/
[silence-crd]: https://github.com/giantswarm/apiextensions/blob/master/pkg/apis/monitoring/v1alpha1/silence_types.go
```

### How does it work

1. Deployment runs the Kubernetes controller, which reconciles `Silence` CRs.
2. Cronjob runs the synchronization of raw CRs definition from the specified folder by matching tags.

Sample CR:

```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.giantswarm.io/v1alpha1
kind: Silence
metadata:
  name: test-silence1
spec:
  targetTags:
  - name: installation
    value: kind
  - name: provider
    value: local
  matchers:
  - name: cluster
    value: test
    isRegex: false
```

- `targetTags` field defines a list of tags, which `sync` command uses to match CRs towards a specific environment.

For example, to ensure raw CR, stored at `/folder/cr.yaml`, run:

```bash

> silence-operator sync --tag installation=kind --tag provider=local --dir /folder`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
silence-operator sync --tag installation=kind --tag provider=local --dir /folder
```

```

- `matchers` field corresponds to the Alertmanager alert `matchers`.

## Getting the Project

Download the latest release:
https://github.com/giantswarm/silence-operator/releases/latest

Clone the git repository: https://github.com/giantswarm/silence-operator.git

Download the latest docker image from here:
https://quay.io/repository/giantswarm/silence-operator

### How to build

Build the standard way.

```
go build github.com/giantswarm/silence-operator
```

## Contact

- Mailing list: [giantswarm](https://groups.google.com/forum/!forum/giantswarm)

> - IRC: #[giantswarm](irc://irc.freenode.org:6667/#giantswarm) on freenode.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think we decided to drop IRC support a while back.
